“Functions”
First frame is an outside shot of the bakery Tobias and Gretchen are currently working at.
Tobias and Gretchen are both asleep at the counter of the bakery when suddenly the phone rings. (They both are wearing chef hats)
*Tobias wakes up abruptly*
Tobias: “Huh?! *wipes drool from mouth with tail* Uh, Yes! This is Tobias, from Hello World Baked Goods how can I help you?!
Random Guest on the phone: “Hello! I’m having a party today and I’m gonna need 200 gluten free pepperoni cookies and 100 seaweed brownies. Do you think I can get them by today?” *the guest snickers and tell people in the background to be quiet (obviously a fake order) *
Tobias: “Not a problem! At Hello World Baked Goods, we always put the customer first! Come by this afternoon and we’ll have your order ready! *hangs up*
*Tobias having a panic attack and shakes Gretchen awake*
*Gretchen wipes drool from her mouth*
Gretchen: “Huh? What’s going on? This better be good. I have important things to do.
Tobias: “We just got a big order in! We need to bake 1000 vegan free pineapple cookies and 500 sea breeze brownies by the end of the day!”
Gretchen: “We have to what?!”
Tobias: “I said we have to make 1500 vegan free banana cookies and 5000 sea cheese brownies!”
*Gretchen is now having a panic attack too*
Gretchen: “I don’t even know how to make regular cookies, let alone vegan free banana and sea cheese brownies!”
Tobias: “Well the bank said they’re taking the store from us if we don't actually start making and selling cookies!”
Gretchen: “Aww, man. I actually liked getting paid to not do anything!”
They begin to search on Google how to make cookies and brownies
Gretchen and Tobias working at lightspeed, teleporting from one station to another, she is stirring a bowl one second and then taking stuff out the oven the next, and then warps to another station where she is stirring another large bowl
*A few hours later, Gretchen is now dirty, scuffed, and covered in soot as if she worked in a coal mine*
Gretchen: “All done. Here we go!”
*Gretchen shows chocolate chip cookies and regular brownies to Tobias*
*Tobias face palms with tail*
Tobias: “But we needed carb free banana cookies and green peas brownies…”
*Gretchen sweating*
Gretchen: “Oh yeah…. What do we do? There’s gotta be a few thousand of these.”
*Tobias talking to himself*
Tobias: “Okay, calm down. I just need to think of something before the bank takes away my bakery… no problem… Just think… Maybe I can burn the store down and get insurance money. No, I don’t want to get arrested…”
*Tobias ponders for a second more*
Tobias: “I know! We can use a function to turn all the cookies and brownies into what they need to be! Let me show you!”
*Tobias and Gretchen in front of a blackboard*
You see, Python has something called functions. You can think of functions as  instructions packaged neatly to perform a certain task. You can write them to do many things like print ‘hello world’ 100 times or give the function 2 numbers and add them up. The possibilities are endless!

To show you what a function looks like and how to create them. We start by saying ‘def’. This lets Python know that you are creating a function. Now, name your function. You can name your functions anything you want… as long as it is not a keyword like ‘if’, ‘False’, ‘for’, and ‘while’. You know, like the stuff that Python has reserved for itself!
It’s good practice to make the function name something related to what it is going to do or calculate. So, when someone else reads your code, they know what it is doing with less effort.
Now, we have to add the parentheses and colon behind the name of the function.
Finally, you’re gonna write your code here for what you want it to do. Don’t forget about the indentions. Once you stop indenting, you are telling Python that the end of your function is where you last indented.
To call or to use your function, you simply type the name of the function plus the parentheses. Let’s take a look at a working example.
 
Notice, the ‘def’? That should tell you that this is a creation of a function.
Gretchen: “’def’ means you’re making a function. Gotcha.”
Tobias: “Now after ‘def’, you see the function name which is “printHelloWorld()” followed by a colon. Under, you will see a line of indented code that we recognize. We are printing “hello world”. Now if you call printHelloWorld, you will see that it prints “hello world”.
Gretchen: “That’s not too bad.”
Tobias: “I’m going to show you one more example before I tell you my plan.”

Tobias: “Notice here we have the ‘def’ part and also the name of the function, which is “add”, but this time between the parentheses we have “number1 and number2”. We are basically saying in this function that we need ‘number1’ and ‘number2’ for this function to do stuff. This is known as a parameter of the function. So, in other words, we need values for ‘number1’ and ‘number2’ to use this function.
Also, this time we have the keyword ‘return’. This basically means, when you use your function, you are going to return this back. So, if we make ‘number1’ and ‘number2’ into the value 2, this function will return 4.

We make a variable called ‘total’ to be the number the add() function returns to us, and then print total. We get 4 back.
Gretchen: “Okay, I got it. So, about the cookies…”
Tobias: “Right. So, my plan is to make a function that will take a batch of our cookies and brownies, and then turn them into what we need!”

We have an array of our cookies called ‘batchOfCookies’. We can think of it as a baking sheet of cookies.
Now we make our function:
 
We use ‘def’ to make the function ‘cookieChanger’. Our parameter will take a batch, which in our case is a baking sheet of cookies. For every cookie on that baking sheet, turn it into a banana cookie. Finally, print the new batch.

And just like that we just turned a batch into banana cookies!
Gretchen: “So basically we are putting the array of cookies into the function like an oven and the function will do everything for us?”
Tobias: “Exactly! Now start putting those batches into the functions. I’m gonna handle some paperwork in the office.”
*Tobias goes into office and goes to sleep”
