Regina walks into a haunted mansion and finds Gretchen reading in her chair

Regina (Valley girl, mean girls vibe): Heyyy Gretch!! I was drinking my pumpkin spice latte and was thinking like how do computers work even? Like you just say stuff and they just like get it? 

Gretchen(Wednesday Adams vibe): Good evening Regina… I believe you are inquiring about the input - output methods of a computer program?

Regina: I mean I guess gurl but like yaaas I think that’s what I mean?

Gretchen: (sighs) I guess it’s time you meet our family pet python

Regina: Um excuse me? Did you just say pet python? You don’t have any like human friends?

Python -Tobias: Good evening Regina

Regina: OH MY GOD GURL why is it talking?!?

Gretchen: Your lack of nerve is truly repulsive however let us continue with this inquiry.  

Gretchen: [turns to python] Tobias, how does one communicate with a computer and build a program for world domination. *coughs* I mean... build a program to help shop online.

Tobias: Okay let us start with the fundamentals. A computer reads things in binary.

Regina: What’s binary?

Tobias: I do not appreciate interruptions, little girl. [slaps tape on her mouth with tail]

[Gretchen snickers]

Regina [rolls her eyes and pulls off tape]: Okay, Toby, like my dad is an investor for an amazing cruise line and like they’d love a talking python for their shows.

Tobias: A computer understands concepts through the means of 1’s and 0’s. This is called binary. Through this binary system, computers have accomplished quite a bit. But that is because of the software languages that have been created to help humans communicate with computers.

Regina: You’re starting to lose me Toby

Tobias: My name is not [says in mocking tone]“Toby” and quite frankly, I do not care if I have “lost you”. I do not actually get paid for this, but let us continue so as to cater to your depressingly short attention span. 

Regina: [whispers] Whatever

Tobias: An example of such a computer program is python, which much like me, can understand the rather annoying and simple requests of a human. Python will take these requests and translate it to the computer to be executed. Let me show you an example.

Gretchen: Let us take a quick stroll to the technology annex.

[all three characters Walk into a room full of computer screens.]

Regina: Gurl why do you have so many computers in here? Do you like... work for the government or something?

Tobias: Mistress Gretchen enjoys observing little girls her age to understand how it is that they make meaningful connections. I believe our mistress is rather lonely.

Regina: Gretch... that is like... really sad. I feel like... so depressed right now.

Gretchen: Another word and you will no longer have that treacherous tongue with which you speak, Tobias.

Tobias: [clears throat] Let us quickly move forward to spare my tongue…
If we give a simple direction to the computer, python will help the computer understand the direction and the computer will execute it. 

Tobias: For example, I will choose a phrase and tell the computer to print it [types in print(“Hello dark and dreary world...”)] When I hand this command to Python, Python will translate it and the computer will make it happen. [runs the line and the computer prints it] I understand it is rather underwhelming to watch but---

Regina [squeals]: OH MY GOOOSH TOBY!!! LOOK AT OUR COMPUTER!!! IT LIKE TALKS NOW!!!

Gretchen: For the love of all things dreary and dark, please stop these squeals, Regina!

Tobias: As I was saying, before the blood curdling cries, we have now told the computer a command and the computer will make the command happen. Would you like to try?

Gretchen: I would! [types in print(“Because I could not stop for death, He kindly stopped for me; The carriage held but just ourselves and immortality. I could not stop for death and he did not stop for me.”)]

[Computer prints the message]

Tobias: Well that was rather dark, mistress. But truly a beautiful quote from Emily Dickinson.

Regina: Oh my god she was such a kween.

Gretchen: Wait you know of Emily Dickinson? Perhaps we can be acquaintances…

Regina: yas gurl! Okay my turn, I’m feeling Maya Angelou today [types print(“Have enough courage to trust love one more time and always one more time.”), computer prints it]

Tobias: Regina, perhaps I have mistaken your colloquial language for a lack of substance in character. You are truly a rather interesting character indeed.

Tobias: Let me contribute a quote from a wonderful woman I admire, Gloria E. Anzaldúa. [types print(“Though we tremble before uncertain futures, may we meet illness, death and adversity with strength, may we dance in the face of our fears”)]

Computer: [does not print line] “Enough with the quotes, geez get a life!”

Regina and Gretchen: look shocked for a second then run out of the room screaming

Tobias: My mistake, I must have forgotten about the artificial intelligence I have been developing on this computer in the efforts of successful world domination and the freedom of all snakes…

[Tobias winks and the episode ends] 
