Narrator: Now, in this chapter, we’ll be going over how to store certain information. The information is stored on the computer, more specifically memory in your computer.
This will be useful in your journey as a computer scientist because it is a way to store bits of information, so you can do a lot of things with them like adding them together or storing words, letters, or sentences. This is a big milestone to your journey on becoming a programmer!
Python: Okay, now listen because you're gonna be using this ALL the time.
Agnes: Help me! I need strength to carry on. I think I’m going to be sick.
(Agnes begins to retch)
Python: Pull yourself together, man! Just listen and you'll be just fine. But you MUST know this!
Agnes: I’m scared. Hold me! *hugs Python*
Python: Please don't touch me again.
*Agnes continues to cling on to Python, clutching harder by the second*
*Python begins to red from the circulation being cut off to his head, eyes begin to look like they are about to pop*
Python: Alright, that’s it!!
(munch sound)
*Python the python bites Agnes*                                                       	
Agnes: Wha, wha whaaaat...?!
*Agnes goes into a deep trance and then slowly slips into the Matrix*
*Agnes wakes up in the Matrix*
Agnes: Where am I?
Python: Don’t worry, sit still. We’re just going to download all this information into your brain.
(Agnes still half dazed and concussed)
Agnes: You’re gonna do what now and in the who now? What smells so bad?
*Python plugs Agnes into the Matrix and Agnes is now downloading information into her brain*
Python (voice over with example of setting a variable with a value)
When you're programming, you need to store stuff into what's called a variable. 
Agnes: Umm, alright.
Python: When you store stuff to the computer, you can store things like the name "Cletus", or a number like 7, or a word such as  "Hello!". You can even set something to become true or false! We'll talk about that more later on. 
Now to store or contain these values, we will need something called a variable! A variable stores these values so you can tell the computer what you want with them, when you want.
Think of them as place holders. If you have a variable named ‘food’, you can say something like food = pizza, and then say print(food), the computer will output ‘pizza’. 
You can do things such as math functions too! Arithmetic functions if you will.
You can do something like, a = 1 and b = 2.
a + b  
Will output 3! 
Python: Are you still following?
Agnes: Yeah, I think so. But I think something bit me!
Python voiceover again:
Now remember, the computer isn’t as smart as us. I mean, machines will probably take over the world someday, but they aren’t nearly as smart as us now.
*Anges looks speechless, petrified and pale*
(Python voiceover again with apocalyptic flash forward into the future. Behind them is a background with robots taking over the world, Terminator style. Dark outside, with the city burned down to rubbles. As humans team up with dogs and cats to do combat against the robots on the streets of New York City)
Python: The computer is super sensitive to the types of things you tell it to calculate. So, if you have a = 1 and b = “hamburger”, it will confuse the computer so much that it will give you an error!	
(Do a visual of each type of data type and example)
So, each variable is a certain “type” of data, or data type! So, in the computer science world, a single letter would be known as a character, a word or sentence is known as a string, a whole number positive or negative is an integer, numbers with decimal points are known as floats, and variables with a value of ‘true’ or ‘false’ is known as Booleans!  See that wasn’t too bad was it?! 
*Anges looks speechless, petrified and pale*
But remember! Do not  mix your data types up and do strange things with it just yet. There will be certain things to do in these situations, but we’ll save that for another time. But as for now, just try not to mix them up.
So, do not do: 
food = tacos
food + 3
This will make your computer program explode!
(robots in the background deactivates because of type error)
(View goes back to Python and Agnes who looks more at ease)
Python: Congrats, Agnes! Now you’re a programmer.
Agnes: Wow! Am I really?
Python: No.
But you achieved a great milestone and well on your way! Learning this is one more thing you added to your arsenal, so keep at it, and you’ll be a code guru before you know it!
Now let’s test what you’ve learned with these quizzes. 
